.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, before:

## Team *Garlic*

## Team Members
* Andrew Noonan(AJN104@pitt.edu)
* Jeffery He(JIH267@pitt.edu)
* Haiden Hunter(HNH21@pitt.edu)

## Notebook Ownership
* Air_quality.ipynb (Andrew Noonan)
* Pool_Jeff.ipynb (Jeffery He)

## Links to data files
[Air Quality](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-air-quality/resource/4ab1e23f-3262-4bd3-adbf-f72f0119108b)

[Fish Fry Locations](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-fish-fry-map/resource/511a29f6-3217-4f61-a9ba-b3b5b35ab5fb)

[Public Swimming Pool Locations](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-public-swimming-pool-hot-tub-and-spa-inspections)

## What is the best neighborhood in Pittsburgh to *walk* your goldfish?
## Our metrics for deciding the best neighborhood were:
	* Good Air Quality
	* Low Number of Fish Fry's
	* High number of public swimming pools
	
    
NEED TO ADD:
    Discription of data sets (haiden)
    add neighborhood data set (haiden)
    A one sentence overview of your repository, meant for someone who is not familiar with the project

Commit message:

making final touches to presentation before submitting

.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, after:

## Team *Garlic* (Canvas Group 46)

## Team Members
* Andrew Noonan(AJN104@pitt.edu)
* Jeffery He(JIH267@pitt.edu)
* Haiden Hunter(HNH21@pitt.edu)

## Notebook Ownership
* Air_quality.ipynb (Andrew Noonan)
* Pool_Jeff.ipynb (Jeffery He)
* finalProjectHaiden.ipynb (Haiden Hunter)

## Data sets
[Air Quality](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-air-quality/resource/4ab1e23f-3262-4bd3-adbf-f72f0119108b)

This dataset contains ratings of the local air quality.

[Fish Fry Locations](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-fish-fry-map/resource/511a29f6-3217-4f61-a9ba-b3b5b35ab5fb)

This dataset contains lists of local fish fry locations of the last 5 years.

[Public Swimming Pool Locations](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-public-swimming-pool-hot-tub-and-spa-inspections)

This dataset contains the data collected by pool inspectors around the Pittsburgh areas.

[Reference List of Pittsburgh Neighborhoods](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/neighborhoods2/resource/668d7238-cfd2-492e-b397-51a6e74182ff)

This dataset contains a list of all pittsburgh neighborhoods

## What is the best neighborhood in Pittsburgh to *walk* your goldfish?
## Our metrics for deciding the best neighborhood were:
	* Good Air Quality
	* Low Number of Fish Fry's
	* High number of public swimming pools	

## Quick Overview
Our repository is a collection of WPRDC datasets and Jupyter Notebooks providing quantitative analysis on the best neighborhood in Pittsburgh based on air quality as well as (low) density of fish fry's and (high) density of public swimming pools.
